hi guys football manager youth
development Koike here in this episode I
just wanted to sort of touch on a
subject that a lot of people have been
asking quite a lot of questions about so
basically whenever you're having look in
your scouting screen you may see quite a
lot of the black stars here and quite a
number of people were a little bit
confused as to what they are exactly
what they mean etc etc and so basically
I've just done a little bit of fishing
around just so I could provide you guys
of an answer so I'll just explain
exactly what they mean so on the
football manager forum a guy called Neil
Brock he what works for sports
interactive he's one of the you know guy
who posts on there quite a lot from
sports interactive he's basically said
this on the forum so obviously with the
question what did the black stars mean
on a player and he's gone on to say this
means a scout does not have a fully
informed opinion of the player and
further scouting is needed the player
could be as good as the black star
suggests but the scouts needs to be him
more to find out this could also appear
on potential for your own players
especially younger players as simply put
even despite seeing them in training
everyday they're not quite sure how good
they'll be so basically it's just an
opinion of of how good the player is
like you know we could take any young
kid you know he's pretty good at
football he could say he could you know
he might on the face of it have really
really good potential and he could be
like a lead in Premier League player and
but you know without actually kind of
seeing him in training everyday kind of
seeing exactly you know his attitude
things like this then we you know we do
need to kind of know a lot more about
these players so if you do see the black
stars the best thing to do is to keep
scouting them as much as possible and
then you're gonna get kind of a bit more
of an idea of exactly how good your
scout actually things these players are
and but the black stars basically it's
just an opinion basically so I just
wanted to clear that out for everybody
just so everyone exactly knows exactly
what they mean they're they're not the
you know exact potential that players
will get to it's just literally the
scouts and yeah I think you could be
this good
but you know I really don't know you I'm
gonna have to scare him a hell of a lot
more just to find out exactly how good
this kid is so yeah I hope that's helped
everybody just kind of like clear this
topic of it's one that I see asked quite
a lot in my forums and and things like
that if you've got any further questions
on this topic please just write and
below if you're looking at this video on
YouTube or you know ask him if you're
watching this video on my website just
ask them in the comment section I'll be
able to help you guys out and yeah
thanks for watching this one anyway